some 101 a psalm of David I will sing of
some 101 a psalm of David I will sing of mercy and justice to you O Lord I will
mercy and justice to you O Lord I will
mercy and justice to you O Lord I will sing praises I will behave wisely in a
sing praises I will behave wisely in a
sing praises I will behave wisely in a perfect way Oh when will you come to me
perfect way Oh when will you come to me
perfect way Oh when will you come to me I know not within my house with a
I know not within my house with a
I know not within my house with a perfect heart I will set nothing wicked
perfect heart I will set nothing wicked
perfect heart I will set nothing wicked before my eyes I hate the work of those
before my eyes I hate the work of those
before my eyes I hate the work of those who fall away
who fall away
who fall away it shall not cling to me a perverse
it shall not cling to me a perverse
it shall not cling to me a perverse heart shall depart from me I will not
heart shall depart from me I will not
heart shall depart from me I will not know wickedness who ever secretly
know wickedness who ever secretly
know wickedness who ever secretly slanders his neighbor him I will destroy
slanders his neighbor him I will destroy
slanders his neighbor him I will destroy the one who has a haughty look and a
the one who has a haughty look and a
the one who has a haughty look and a proud heart him I will not endure my
proud heart him I will not endure my
proud heart him I will not endure my eyes shall be on the faithful on the
eyes shall be on the faithful on the
eyes shall be on the faithful on the land that they may dwell with me he who
land that they may dwell with me he who
land that they may dwell with me he who walks in a perfect way he shall serve me
walks in a perfect way he shall serve me
walks in a perfect way he shall serve me he who works deceit shall not dwell
he who works deceit shall not dwell
he who works deceit shall not dwell within my house he who tells lies shall
within my house he who tells lies shall
within my house he who tells lies shall not continue in my presence early I will
not continue in my presence early I will
not continue in my presence early I will destroy all the wicked of the land that
destroy all the wicked of the land that
destroy all the wicked of the land that I may cut off all the evildoers from the
I may cut off all the evildoers from the
I may cut off all the evildoers from the city of the Lord
city of the Lord
city of the Lord you